Week 6 Research

Prompts

What is the difference between TDD and BDD?

TDD and BDD are both test first software development strategies.
TDD focuses on delivery of a single functional feature at a time,
usually involving just the development team, and provides extensive
test coverage throughout the code base.  TDD development can be extensive
and may be brittle in response to implementation changes.
BDD focuses on the system behavior use cases, involves all stakeholders
including the customer, however only the system behavior itself is validated.
BDD testing changes only in response to the entire system behavior changing.


What does mocking a class allow you to do?

Mocking allows testing a class functionality in isolation wherein the mock objects provides dummy services
and data to the object under test.
A mocking class is an object or interface with stub methods which may or may not contain functionality.

What is the value in separating your code into controller, service, and data access layers rather than keeping it all in the same files?

Also know as MVC.  The largest advantage is seperating functionality responsibility into disparate components.
One component handles the data access, one for user interface , one for data processing between the user interface and data access.
This allows each component to be developed and tested independently from one another as longs as the interactions between the
components are well defined and hopefully isolates defects to a single component. 


Why would you want to avoid putting credentials in plaintext in your code?
Plaintext allows anyone with code access , malicious or not, to view access parameters , for example username/password.

What is one method that can be used to avoid putting plaintext database usernames and passwords into your code?
Program external credential storage with a salted hash. 


What is your favorite thing you learned this week?
Parameterized JUnit testing.

Sources
https://site.mockito.org/
https://www.interserver.net/tips/kb/mvc-advantages-disadvantages-mvc/